feat(plugin): add businesskey plugin example (#13)
camunda/camunda-optimize-examples: businesskey-import-plugin/README.md

# Optimize businesskey plugin

In Optimize you can [hook into the Optimize import](https://docs.camunda.org/optimize/latest/technical-guide/plugins/businesskey-import/) 
and adjust business keys during process instance imports. In this directory you will find a use case example for this plugin.

To give you a better understanding of how process instances are imported in Optimize, 
have a look at the following diagram:

![Businesskey Import][1]

Using the engine REST-API Optimize fetches all process instances from the engine. These process instances are then 

> passed through all process instance import plugins that are configured in Optimize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passed through all configured business key adapter plugins that are configured in Optimize.
```
